Hawa Holidays needs to integrate various partner systems involved in their business process. Currently most of the systems are integrated, but the integration is 1:1 and that is putting a heavy load on their resources. Come up with a solution implemented in mulesoft to integrate the whole ecosystem.

 

NOTE that this is a travel agency, they will speak to multiple partners. Partners include airline companies, railway systems, taxi and cab booking companies, meal services and restaurants, tour guide services, etc.

 

Expected automated business process:

 

Customer logs in via the website to book a holiday. (NO CHAT BOT or CALL CENTER or EMAIL for booking)
Customer selects a holiday package and clicks the Submit button.
System does the following:
Sends a request to all hotel APIs for the selected destinations and retrieves prices.
Sends a request to either of
                                                               i.      all airline APIs for the selected route and retrieves prices.

                                                             ii.      all railway companies for the selected route and retrieves prices.

Sends a request to all meal providers and restaurants to provide meal-at-seat prices.
Sends a request to an internal application to retrieve can provider prices and options for the selected routes.
Sends a request to an internal application to retrieve sight-seeing package process for the selected destinations.
Customer selects his or her option and clicks the Payment button.
System calculates package amount and shows it to the user.
User makes payment via credit card only
System sends an email to all the parties involved in (2) above.
System sends an email to the customer with an itinerary
 
Use ARC or Postman to mimic the customer.

REMEMBER: Mule services are split into 3 parts – experience layer, process layer and system layer. Experience layer services interact with the UI or App or Webpages or consumers. System Layer services  speaks to the end-systems or downstream systems or providers. Process layer services perform orchestration of messages between the experience and system layer services.

You must have 3 separate projects, one for each layer.

Follow the process correctly:

Prepare the API specification first i.e. the RAML
Publish it to exchange
Import it in anypoint studio
Create flows and feed in the logic
Deploy to cloudhub.
Test and demonstrate.